All right, so let's continue styling our main nav in this lesson.
I promise we're going to get to the view content very soon.
So right inside my dev right here, I want to add another div and we're going to add some more tailwind
styles to it.
So right here I'm going to add the class.
The first thing I want to do is to make this a Flexbox and it's as simple as adding the style flex.
I want to make sure in my main nav that the content inside doesn't overflow onto a new line.
So I just want to use the Flexbox to orient my menu items eventually across, but I don't actually want
them to break onto a new line.
So I'm going to add a class here called Flex No Wrap, which is going to ensure that our content doesn't
wrap onto a new line.
Then I want to make sure this div has the full height of its parent.
So I'm going to do the H full class.
We use the W full class before.
Now we have the full class which applies a 100% height.
All right.
The next thing I want to do is to add some padding to the left and right side of the container, but
not to the top and bottom.
And there is, of course, a bunch of PE classes for padding in tailwind.
But as you can see, the PE classes by themselves apply padding across all four sides of the container.
Luckily we have classes called P, x and P and they relate to axes.
So the x axis of course, means left and right.
So the utility classes from Tailwind apply padding only on the left and on the right side of the box.
So here I'm going to do x eight, which as you can see here, is going to apply 32 pixels of padding
on the left side of the box and 32 pixels of padding on the right side of the box.
That's just going to ensure that our text content doesn't start immediately.
On the left hand side.
We're going to push it in a little bit.
Then what I want to do is apply the Amex auto class.
This functions very similarly to what we just saw with x.
The x means the x axis.
So when we say x axis, we mean preceding either left or right.
So what an x auto is going to do is provide a margin left auto and a margin write auto.
And what this does in CCS terms is centers this container within the parent container is going to center
this container.
All right.
The next thing I want to do is add a border, but only on the bottom of our main NAV.
And the reason is because on the actual Google Careers website, we only have a small gray line that
represents the border of the NAV.
There's no other border on the rest of the container because it's the very top of the page.
So it kind of blends into the start of the page and both the top, the left and the right.
But we do want a small border on the bottom to separate the main NAV from the main content of the page.
So how do we create a bottom border only in talent?
Well, it's pretty simple.
We have a border class for border, and if we add a dash B, there is a border B class that creates
a border bottom width of one pixels.
All right.
And we can specify that we want the border to be solid with the border solid class.
So we have a one pixel solid bottom border.
And then the last thing we have to specify with a border, of course, is the color that we want.
All right.
So I can start typing border dash and we have a whole bunch of utility classes for color that are built
into town.
Once you.
Yes, for example, we have Border Blue as an example.
And you can see there's a wide variety of different blues that we can use if we wanted any of these
blues to be our border color.
But in this case, we don't want one of the preconfigured tailwind styles.
We want our brand gray, one color that we configured in the Tailwind config file a few lessons ago.
But as I mentioned back then, tailwind is going to be super helpful and it's automatically created
a class for us called Border Brand Gray at one as well as the other two access colors that we specified.
So notice here that our IntelliSense is reading our tail in config and can realize that we have these
available colors now to use for our border in our project as well.
So these custom created CCS classes function exactly the same as tailwinds built in classes.
By customizing the tailwind config file, it automatically generated those classes for us and the syntax
remains the exact same.
When I was first discovering this, I thought this was a very cool feature.
So here I'm just going to add border brand gray one.
So we're going to have a bottom border with this color.
You'll notice we're going to have a little bit of a violation here.
And when I save the file, we're going to see prettier fix it because there's a lot of content on one
line.
What Prettier wants to do is just break it up across a couple lines and that's what it does right here.
Breaks up those styles.
CAC classes are whitespace and sensitive, so it doesn't matter how many spaces we put between them.
So these kinds of line breaks are totally fine.
All right.
So the next thing I want to do is within my div, I want to put a hyperlink that's going to be our company
name.
The idea being is that we can click on our company name on the top left corner of the page.
And usually that way that works on websites is you're taken back to the home page.
So for now, since we don't know about view now.
Navigation.
We're just going to make this a regular hyperlink.
So I'm going to do an A tag here.
I'm just going to make the attribute set to slash, which is kind of the route route or the current
route.
And we're not going to worry about this for now because we're going to come back to it later.
And then I'm going to just write my text here, and that's going to be my company name.
You can actually put whatever you want in here.
I'm going to call my career site Bobo Careers just to have a little bit of fun here.
But this text is up to you.
All right?
And then we still need to style this actual hyperlink.
So right here, I'm going to do the class and I'm going to apply some more tailwind classes.
So I'm going to do a Flexbox again with the flex class.
I want to center the content of my Flexbox vertically in the center and I can do that with the items
center class which applies a line items center.
So typically a Flexbox is going to distribute its items in a row format and you can customize how those
elements are distributed in that row direction as well as how they're distributed in the column direction,
which is the other direction which we can do with align items and setting it to center.
So this is going to center my text of the of the bubble careers within the diff.
All right then I want to add h fold to make sure we have the full height here as well.
And then I want to make this text really large just to announce to everybody that this is my site.
So I'm going to add text excel.
There are, as you can see, a whole bunch of different text classes available for the size of our text.
I'm just going to do text Excel, which as we can see here, is 20 pixels.
So I'm going to do this, save this content.
And now as I navigate back to my browser, we can see that now we're starting to get somewhere.
We have our nice little box on the page.
You can see that we have the bottom border that's been created from our custom color that we configured
in the tail in config found.
We have Talon providing the styles of this hyperlink right here.
We have it nicely distributed in the center and we're going to align all of our menu items right here
as well in the center.
And of course if I click this red is going to be taken back to the same page.
The page is going to refresh, which we do not want to do generally because the View app is supposed
to be a single page app.
We in theory should never refresh because the page should dynamically remove and add HTML elements as
they're needed.
We're going to fix this hyperlink problem later.
And of course for now it's a good way to start and it's a good reminder to us that we do have some kind
of link that should be navigating us somewhere.
Right?
And that really is all there is to cover in this lesson.
We finally have our brand name on our page.
And of course, the next thing is going to be rendering our menu items and playing around with some
core view features.
So I will see you in the next lesson.